# Mission-Garden-Map-Generation

## Scripts:
  ### color_dicts.py:
  Taken from [gmplot Github](https://github.com/vgm64/gmplot/blob/master/gmplot/color_dicts.py); not my original work.
  ### gmplot_wrapper.py:
  Taken from [gmplot Github](https://github.com/vgm64/gmplot/blob/master/gmplot/gmplot.py); modified by pegasust to suit the needs of
                      generating maps for the school project.
  ### google_maps_templates.py:
  Taken from [gmplot Github](https://github.com/vgm64/gmplot/blob/master/gmplot/google_maps_templates.py); not my original work.
  ### lite_debug_printer.py:
  Part of [another project](https://github.com/Pegasust/Lite_Debugger/blob/master/lite_debug_printer.py); my work
  ### map_draw_formatter.py:
  Contains parser for circles and polygons and a general parser that detects for .csv in directory and separate circles and polygons declaration based on whether they have .circles (circles) or .polygons (polygons) or not (polygons). If the script is ran on __main__, parses on local csv files on ../map_data/ and output on ../maps/. This is the main script of the project.
  ### map_gen.py:
  The main entry to this project. Parses data from user-inputted directory and output to user-inputted directory with API key or without. Info on API key is not stored or cached in anywhere __*but the generated .html files*__.
  ### map_gen_test.py:
  A script that helps testing gmplot_wrapper.py and map_draw_formatter.py. Deprecated now, though.
  ### map_types.py:
  A script that provides maptypeIDs supported by google maps api.

> All .html files are generated by .csv files and Python scripts above.

## Inputs (./map_data):
  ### Spanish Crops - Drawing Data.circles.csv:
  The data that generates circular fields for Medicinal Garden's crops. Original data is from https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1rkZczTLAVWdjZipQ5wA_bz1q-3qhWhe9nxrjz_TmAKE/edit?usp=sharing in tab "Drawing Data.circles"
  ### Spanish Crops - Drawing Data.polygons.csv:
  The data that generates rectangular shapes for Spanish Field's crops. Original data is from https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1rkZczTLAVWdjZipQ5wA_bz1q-3qhWhe9nxrjz_TmAKE/edit?usp=sharing in tab "Drawing Data.polygons". 
  > If anyone wishes to edit the data, I recommend tweaking the values of u-v coordinates in tab "polygon geolocation generator" unless they have extremely accurate GPS. Values in tab "polygon geolocation generator" are strictly (meaning exactly parsed) in "Drawing Data.polygons".
  

## Outputs (./maps):
  ### Spanish Crops - Drawing Data.html:
  The output of terrain view of Mission Garden. This view allows users to zoom in further than satellite view
  ### satellite_Spanish Crops - Drawing Data.html:
  The output of satellite view of Mission Garden. This view can be made 2D by pressing the Tilt button on the bottom right. The 2D map is more recently updated.
  > Other .htmls in ./maps/ are test htmls.
